- Okay, give me a good spin.
(laughter)
(applause)
Help, my house is on fire!
Yeah, Brittany's a firefighter, for sure.
("In the Hall of the Mountain
King" by Edvard Grieg)
- Hi, I'm Timmy Rogar, I'm a
drag queen and a bartender.
- My name is Alex Alexander.
- I'm Ilah Dizon.
- I am Crystal Reed,
and I work here at Cut.
- I fucking love what I do.
Totally, I can't imagine a
dumber way to make money.
- I'm doing some sort of guessing?
- Okay, am I gonna have
like, a list to choose from?
- Oh, really?
Wow, porn producer?
- Bounty hunter?
Horse listener?
- Is this real?
Some of these jobs I
didn't know were real jobs.
- Alright, do you wanna come up first?
- Nice to meet you.
- Great meeting you.
- That's a good handshake.
- Thank you.
- Do you shake a lot of hands at work?
- I do.
- Give me one more good one, okay.
- Can I touch you?
- Yeah, you sure can.
- Okay, do you feel okay?
- I'm okay with it.
- Okay.
- Wait, let me see your fingers.
No you can't be the firefighter.
- I really just want to
get rid of tarot reader.
I don't know what that is.
- You know like the psychics.
- How do you feel about God?
- Uh, he's a cool guy.
- Can you sing like a gospel thing?
I'll give you a beat, go ahead.
- (clapping) I'm sorry I can't sing.
I don't...
- Okay.
- I'm going with pastor,
I feel good about pastor.
- Because you failed all the tests,
I think you're,
(laughter)
I think you're a software engineer.
- Oh man, so this is literally just what
you're labeled as forever now.
- I know, man.
- Okay, next.
Oh, you're definitely a horse listener,
because you look like you're from nature.
- Aww.
- Maybe she might be the
porn producer (laughs).
- No it's not, it's just like,
it's versus what I would have thought,
y'know like a heavier set
guy who breathes heavy like,
(breathes heavily)
(laughter)
- Do you like what you do?
- I love what I do.
- I want you to do a little
motion of like brushing a horse.
(laughter)
- Okay, okay, not very good.
- Have you ever ridden a horse before?
- I have.
- You're a horse listener, for sure.
- We'll go with ER nurse.
- She's probably the
firefighter isn't she, probably.
- Do you work with a lot of people?
- Yes.
- Do you like people?
- Some.
- Do you know CPR?
- I am certified in CPR.
- What's your favorite porn genre?
- Anime.
- Right on.
- I feel like maybe
you're a porn producer,
this is the trick.
(laughter)
This is the trick.
- What's your favorite book?
- I like to read reference,
so like studying new topics.
- You're hard, I think you
- That's what she said.
(laughter)
- That's a good one, okay she's
definitely a porn producer.
- Can I go with software engineer?
- I'm gonna go tarot reader.
I still barely know what it is.
I'm gonna go tarot reader, for sure.
- Okay, ooh, (hisses)
- Wait, before, you have to judge.
- Okay.
(laughter)
Teach me your ways with makeup, oh my god.
(sniffing)
- You smell neutral, I smell nothing.
- Because you have good style,
I would say you're a bartender.
- I think I want to go with ER nurse.
- How come?
- 'Cause everything else is
like, it would kinda make sense,
I think that's like the most
thing that I wouldn't expect.
- You're wearing lots of crystals.
I'm gonna go with tarot reader.
- Deal.
- Hello, fellow Asian.
(laughter)
- What's your favorite porn genre?
- I don't watch porn,
- Oh wait yeah.
- But I have seen two girls
and one cup, and that was...
(laughter)
(clapping)
- Oh my god, I don't know, I was,
I'm starting to question whether or not
you're the pastor and now I'm like, no!
- Do you have long hours?
- Yes.
- Are you tired?
- Yes, stressed.
- Constantly?
Definitely ER nurse.
- You've got riding boots, gorgeous ombre.
Wendy the horse whisperer, listener.
- Hello.
- You seem very friendly.
- I'm friendly.
- And you got like that
badass, like Denzel's like
brother kind of thing going on.
(laughter)
- Can you drop and give me five?
Okay, can I sit on you?
- Let's go.
(laughter)
- Ready?
- I'm ready (screams)
Okay, okay, okay.
- Pretend like you're
trying to bounty hunt me,
and like I'm trying to run away.
Try to get me.
(laughter)
- No, I'm still going with bounty hunter,
you got that calm, cold, collected.
- I'll take it.
- Imma go firefighter.
- So doing pushups with somebody on
my back makes me a firefighter?
- Look, it's not a perfect science, look.
(laughter)
- Congrats,
- Yeah.
- I hope you like your job.
- Oh, you look intimidating.
- Thank you.
(laughter)
- I forgot what that's called.
- It's a bolo.
- [Interviewer] Does that mean anything?
- Yes, bounty hunter.
(laughter)
- (hissing)
(humming)
I wish I wouldn't have gave away pastor.
- I went to a Christian college.
- What did you study?
- Psychology.
- What's the longest
shift you've ever worked?
- 36 hours.
- Yeah.
Brittany's a firefighter.
Do you want to twirl me?
(laughter)
(applause)
Help, my house is on fire!
- I'm gonna go bartender now.
- Hello, I'm Sir Mark.
- Hi, Sir Mark?
- Uh huh.
I have titles of knighthood
in eight countries.
- So like they did the...
- Yeah.
- Huh.
- Tell me about your sign and
how you feel about the moon.
(laughter)
- Well, I'm another air sign, Aquarian.
- Okay.
- And uh, I love the moon.
- There's only two things left.
Bounty hunter and porn producer.
You could be both of those,
man, you really could.
(laughter)
- Sir Mark's a total bartender name,
I could see you at like a
cute little hole in the wall,
talking to people about their problems.
- What does a bounty hunter do?
- They get hired out to chase
people who have warrants.
- Yep, you're a bounty hunter.
- You're like really gorgeous.
- That highlight is magical.
- Thanks.
- Although, like your hair,
I feel like is too long
to be a bounty hunter.
- I could put it up in a bun.
- There's only one thing on the list left,
so I'm not sure, it's porn producer.
And, you know what, I
think you could do that.
- Do porn producers star in porn too?
- How do you feel about vaginas?
- Um, I mean, I like mine.
- You're stern, you look
like you get shit done.
I'm gonna say you're the porn producer.
- Okay.
- Aunjoli the porn producer.
Would you book me?
(laughs)
- I don't feel good.
- I think I got all of them wrong.
- Yes.
- I can?
- You're the bounty hunter,
and you're the pastor.
- Tarot reader, uh huh.
- I'm gonna trade you two.
- You know what, I want you two to switch.
- You're the pastor 'cause you had that
whole knight situation happening.
- Because no one suspects the hot lady
to be in like software engineer,
'cause I don't know, men apparently are
the only ones in that industry.
- I'm just gonna stop messing with it now.
- Like two.
- How many hands went up?
(screams and laughs)
- What?!
(laughter)
Get out!
- Okay, it's like half.
- (sighs) Alright.
- This is like, an M. Night
Shyamalan movie right now.
(laughter)
- Okay, 'cause I got a lot of questions.
- Alright, mister pastor.
- What kind of congregation do you...
- Uh, it's a Christian congregation.
- Yeah, awesome.
- Will you sing now?
I know this song is like
(singing a tune and clapping)
- [Both] ♪ Of my heart. ♪
♪ I want to see you ♪
(clapping)
♪ I want to see you. ♪
- What made you want to be a pastor?
- I was in high school
and I was just kinda
going through like a depression,
and the church kinda
helped me through that.
- Yeah.
- And so, I figured,
I want to help kids who are
going through the same stuff,
so, yeah.
- Totally.
Well, that's awesome, good for you.
(clapping)
- When did you decide to be a firefighter?
- I've been a firefighter
for about three years, so...
- Okay.
- What's like the gender
balance where you work?
- Uh, 4% of us are women nationwide.
- That's it? Wow.
- Yeah, so seven
at my department, seven
women, and then about 130 men.
- (sighs) Sounds like a dream come true.
- Can you do the firefighter carry?
- Maybe, I don't know, I'm wearing heels.
(screaming)
- Probably just like that.
(laughter)
(applause)
- So you're a horse listener,
do you own your own horses
or do you help people, or both?
- Both!
- That makes sense.
- But you listen to the horses?
- Right.
It's less talking to the horse,
and more listening to the
horse to have them tell me
why they don't fit into
the domestic world.
- Did you have to get a degree for that?
- I did an eight year internship with
a world-renowned horse whisperer.
- Horses are amazing.
- They're unicorns, you can only see
their horns if you're also magical.
- I wanna hug you.
(laughter)
- Hi.
So, the crystal didn't mean anything?
- It didn't.
- How old are you?
- 23.
- How are you already an ER nurse?
- Well I got a really incredible
scholarship to go to school,
- That's so cool.
- And otherwise I would
never have been able to.
- When you go to work, do you wear this?
- I don't do full glam,
but I'm always on a lip.
- Do you deal with any like issues
with your queer identity at work?
- Um, yeah I work in a
conservative healthcare system,
and it's really hard because
patients can be rude.
- Even though you're trying
to help them? They're trash,
not really.
- Even though I paid money
to go to school.
- Like everybody else.
- I just want to help them.
(laughter)
- To be fighting that fight in places
where it's not easy is so brave.
- Thank you.
- Hi.
So you're a software engineer?
- Mmhm.
- Do you do like, game development or?
- So we develop intermapping software,
so it's like Google Maps but indoors.
- Can you find people with that?
- No.
- Do you work for the
government?
- No.
(laughter)
- Just kidding.
- Are there any like roadblocks
because of your gender?
- Yeah, a little bit, but
you just have to speak up.
- Mmhm.
- Yeah.
- Bartender?!
- That totally makes sense.
- You were like pretty cool,
so maybe I should've guessed that.
- You ever witness bad Tinder dates?
- Every day at work.
(laughter)
Every single day.
- Do you enjoy it? Do you...
- I love it.
- I love it too.
- It's the best,
it's like a chef but with bottles,
and you get to talk shit at the same time.
- Yeah, exactly.
- Bounty hunter!
- Yeah.
- I got you right, you're
the only one I got right.
- Have you ever shot anybody?
- No.
- Do you get to handcuff
people on a regular basis?
- Yes.
- Have you ever been in
a high speed car chase?
- Yes.
- Oh my gosh, do you wear disguises?
- All the time.
- Dude, that's so scary
because I would never see you coming.
- Do people cry a lot
when you drag them away?
- I've never had anybody not cry.
- Really?
- Yes. Everybody always cries.
- Do you know any other
female bounty hunters?
- I do, I know a lot of
really good ones, yeah.
- Well, thank you for your service.
- Oh, appreciate it.
- This is like a job fair.
- Tarot reader, Sir Mark.
- Yeah.
- I shoulda known with the name.
- Wait, you told me
earlier that you are like
a person of God,
- I am.
- and in the Bible it says
you're not allowed to like
worship anything other than God.
- There's no worshipping of the
tarot or anything like that,
it's just a simple
scientific procedure which,
each of the 78 cards reverberates
with a certain energy.
If I have the clients choose the card,
and it's just like a
magnet, do-do-do-do-do.
- Interesting.
- And it just,
tells exactly what's going on.
- I really want a tarot
reading, like I really do.
- Come on down to the shop.
- I know right, I need to.
- Oh!
Yeah, you were like way
too hot to be like any...
- But I'm not a porn star so...
- Yeah, but you're,
you run the show.
- Right.
- What do you do as a producer?
- Basically, I make sure that
the people that are applying
aren't like underage,
- Yeah.
- Have any like fraud stuff going on.
- Do you work with PornHub?
- I do, I do.
- Number one channel.
- I uh,
like monitor about 5,000
different live cam sites so,
- Wow.
- that is our like main...
- Do you make good money off of it?
- Not as much as the performers, but yeah.
- So yeah, is that like...
- Pay-per-minute.
- Pay-per-minute?
- So, anywhere from $1.99 a
minute to like $14.99 a minute.
- Oh, you could, you can, they, yes.
You should do it.
Let's talk after.
- I just got a new computer.
- Oh (laughs)
- So...
- What is the kinkiest
shit you've produced?
- I've seen prolapsed assholes,
so I've seen like
- Prolapsed? (vomiting)
Oh my god, I say cover your ears pastor!
(laughter)
(applause)
- Thanks for sharing, you guys.
- Thank you guys, sorry that took so long.
How did I not guess anyone
except for one person?